# Sports Betting Forum

### Name of app: Undecided

---

This is a platform to look at all currently available sport games to bet. The goal is to allow people to comment and discuss their thoughts on a certain game. All sports betting platforms only serve as a way to bet directly on the game and create no sense of community. People could just voice their opinion, or another user could shed light on a situation in the game that others may not have considered. The app should have appeal to anyone who enjoys sports. The reason I don't narrow this in to ONLY people who enjoy sports betting is because it can be entertaining to hear different thoughts and opinions on a given game, even if you do not plan to bet on sed game. I will be using the "http://the-odds-api.com/" API to pull the most recent sports betting data including spreads and moneyline bets. The API breaks down all games and divides in to sections for different leagues (ex. NFL, NBA, MLS, NHL).

My database will be set up with a users table, comments table, and a games table to populate each current available game that should be updated at minimum every day. The API could run into issues with overwriting games, or duplicating games. Some sports events in the past have been postponed or moved, and the betting websites have removed the games and added back. If this happens it could duplicate the game or create a "new game" and delete all past comments and user input. The app will allow users to follow their favorite leagues to have them populate to the top of their home page. Then they can select from those leagues or choose from the list of all current leagues that are in season. After selecting a league they should see all available current games with spreads and money line information viewable. After selecting a game the user is be able to select a game they want to view which will show the game itself and all comments left on the game with a form to post their comment as well. After posting they should be able to delete their comment and at any time can delete their account. I would love to be able to implement (either in initial completion or over time) the ability for people to view the highest trafficed games on the home page. Also being able to select who they think will win which can update at the end of the game and create a W-L record for each user. This could open up to overall leaderboards or joining groups to compare with a group of friends who is the most accurate guesser.